Document usage of serverFilesCourse in the Python grader (#10920)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/python-grader/index.md

}
```

### Example Usage of `serverFilesCourse` for static data

The Python autograder is able to retrieve information from `serverFilesCourse`. This can be used when there are files and other static data that can be shared across multiple questions. For example, assume there is a data file called `chem.json` used in multiple questions. The file can be saved in the `serverFilesCourse` directory within the course root directory, for example at `serverFilesCourse/compounds/chem.json`.

To access `serverFilesCourse` from the autograder, specify the file or its containing directory in the question `info.json`. For example, to copy the `compounds` directory to the autograder, use:

> ```diff
> ...
>     "externalGradingOptions": {
>         "enabled": true,
>         "image": "prairielearn/grader-python",
>         "entrypoint": "/python_autograder/run.sh",
> +       "serverFilesCourse": ["compounds"]

Author: ```suggestion
```json
    "externalGradingOptions": {
        "enabled": true,
        "image": "prairielearn/grader-python",
        "entrypoint": "/python_autograder/run.sh",
        "serverFilesCourse": ["compounds"]
```

    }

> ...

Author: ```suggestion

```

> ```diff
> ...
>     "externalGradingOptions": {
>         "enabled": true,
>         "image": "prairielearn/grader-python",
>         "entrypoint": "/python_autograder/run.sh",
> +       "serverFilesCourse": ["compounds"]
>     }
> ...

Author: ```suggestion
```json
    "externalGradingOptions": {
        "enabled": true,
        "image": "prairielearn/grader-python",
        "entrypoint": "/python_autograder/run.sh",
        "serverFilesCourse": ["compounds"]
    }
```

> ```

Reviewer: I'm not that convinced that a diff-style block would be a good idea here. While highlighting the proper line looks interesting, many users copy-paste these codes, so having the + there may cause issues. @mwest1066 thoughts? This is what it looks like in readthedocs:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/626019cb-674b-4105-bbb8-aedadb33cbec)

Author: Can we highlight a line within a code block? It would be better. I thought about it but I did know we have that option.

Reviewer: I'm not convinced it's that necessary, note that other code segments in the docs don't use it and the message still comes across.

}
```

### Example Usage of `serverFilesCourse` for static data

> In this example, we’ll demonstrate how to use a data file, `chem.json`, within an autograder setup. Assume we have a data file called `chem.json` located in the `serverFilesCourse` directory within the course root directory, specifically at `serverFilesCourse/compounds/chem.json`.
> 
> To access `serverFilesCourse` from the autograder, specify the file directory in the question `info.json`. Here’s how to set it up to allow access to the `compounds` directory:

Reviewer: The rest of the documentation avoids the use of "we" and "you". This is a suggestion based on the language used elsewhere. Also, avoid the use of fancy quotes and other non-ASCII characters when possible. I also moved the motivation to the start.

```suggestion
The Python autograder is able to retrieve information from `serverFilesCourse`. This can be used when there are files and other static data that can be shared across multiple questions. For example, assume there is a data file called `chem.json` used in multiple questions. The file can be saved in the `serverFilesCourse` directory within the course root directory, for example at `serverFilesCourse/compounds/chem.json`.

To access `serverFilesCourse` from the autograder, specify the file or its containing directory in the question `info.json`. For example, to copy the `compounds` directory to the autograder, use:
```

```diff
...
    "externalGradingOptions": {
        "enabled": true,
        "image": "prairielearn/grader-python",
        "entrypoint": "/python_autograder/run.sh",
+       "serverFilesCourse": ["compounds"]
    }
...
```

> In your `test.py` file, you can then load the `chem.json` file using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests in `test.py` can then load the `chem.json` file using code such as the following:
```

```python
import json

> with open("grade/serverFilesCourse/compounds/chem.json", "r") as f:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with open("/grade/serverFilesCourse/compounds/chem.json", "r") as f:
```

    list_of_compounds = json.load(f)
```

> This setup enables you to access files in the `serverFilesCourse` directory during autograder execution, making it easy to include static data files in your grading logic.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: Moved to the start of the section.
```suggestion
```
